Update Screenshots, add content to Cookbook section & add Policyfile section to Chef Infra Server (#5316)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/chef_infra_server.md

A [cookbook]({{< relref "cookbooks" >}}) is the fundamental unit of configuration and policy distribution. A cookbook contains recipes and other files, components, or directories.

> The Chef Infra Server UI lets you:

Reviewer: Revise this to drop the word "UI" .

Can users see the cookbooks for a single organization or for more than one organization?

Author: Single Organization

> - List out cookbooks with the latest version

Reviewer: drop "out"

> - View different versions of a cookbook

Reviewer: Try to keep lists parallel (The structure of  1 & 2 are very different)

https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/lists-and-tables#keep_list_items_parallel

- View the contents of a cookbook
- View the details of a cookbook

#### List of Cookbooks

> In Chef Infra Server, you can view all the cookbooks of an organization. Each Cookbook has its latest version mentioned in the list.

Reviewer: This is the default view, isn't it? 
`Each Cookbook has its latest version mentioned in the list.` is passive, please revise.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/list-of-cookbooks.png" alt="List of Cookbooks">}}

> Select any cookbook from the list to view the details of that particular cookbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select a cookbook from the list to view the details of that cookbook.
```

#### View Different Versions of Cookbooks

> To view the different versions of the cookbook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view different versions of a cookbook:
```

> - Select a specific cookbook from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select a cookbook from the list.
```

> - The interface contains a dropdown list for versions. Select any version to view the details.

Reviewer: Another opportunity for parallel construction

Reviewer: Provide a description that describes what the user needs to do instead of the screen. `Interface` is not an improvement over `UI`.

Study the Microsoft guide for [Describing Interactions with UI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/procedures-instructions/describing-interactions-with-ui) and revise.

{{< note >}}
The dropdown shows the latest version of the cookbook.
{{< /note >}}

{{< figure src="/images/automate/view-different-versions-of-cookbook.png" alt="Versions of a Cookbook">}}

#### Cookbook Content

> Select the content tab to view the recipes and other optional components of a cookbook. It also contains the files or directories of the components. You can view the content of the file by selecting the file from the component list.

Reviewer: - Use the indicative `To view` instead of the subjunctive `You can view`
- revise the sentence to use the possessive `to view a cookbook's` instead of the genitive `of a cookbook`
- This simplifies the sentence by moving the sentence's object (`cookbook`) to the second position.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/contents-of-a-cookbook.png" alt="Cookbook Contents">}}

> In the above image, the content of the file `default.rb` of **attributes** component is displayed.

Reviewer: This sentence is unclear. Try revising by starting the sentence with `This image displays...`

#### Details of a Cookbook

> Select the **Details** tab to view all the details like the requirements, usage, resources, and license of a cookbook.

Reviewer: Wordy, revise to remove `all the details like`

A [cookbook]({{< relref "cookbooks" >}}) is the fundamental unit of configuration and policy distribution. A cookbook contains recipes and other files, components, or directories.

The Chef Infra Server lets you view:

- List of cookbooks with their latest version
- Different versions of a cookbook
- Contents of a cookbook
- Details of a cookbook

#### List of Cookbooks

In Chef Infra Server, you can view all the cookbooks of an organization. The latest version of the cookbooks are mentioned in the list.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/list-of-cookbooks.png" alt="List of Cookbooks">}}

Select a cookbook from the list to view the details of that cookbook.

#### Different Versions of Cookbooks

> To view different versions of cookbook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view different versions of a cookbook:
```

- Select a cookbook from the list.
- The interface contains a dropdown list for versions. Select any version to view the details.

{{< note >}}

> The dropdown shows the latest version of the cookbook.

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need this note. I don't understand what it describes.

{{< /note >}}

{{< figure src="/images/automate/view-different-versions-of-cookbook.png" alt="Versions of a Cookbook">}}

#### Cookbook Content

> Select the content tab to view the recipes and other optional components of a cookbook. It also contains the files or directories of the components. To view the cookbook content, select the file from the component list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the **content** tab to view the recipes and other components of a cookbook. This view also contains the files or directories of the components. To view the cookbook content, select the file from the component list.
```

{{< figure src="/images/automate/contents-of-a-cookbook.png" alt="Cookbook Contents">}}

#### Details of a Cookbook

Select the **Details** tab to view the requirements, usage, resources, and license of a cookbook.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/details-of-a-cookbook.png" alt="Details of a Cookbook">}}

### Roles

[Roles]({{< relref "roles" >}}) let you define patterns and processes that exist across nodes in an organization as belonging to a single job function. Each role consists of zero (or more) attributes and a run-list.

The Chef Infra Server lets you:

- Create a role

> - List all the roles at one place.

Reviewer: This is still wordy. It also attributes listing to the user, even though the server creates the list. Consider something like `View all roles` or `View all roles in an organization` and `Search for a specific role`.

A [cookbook]({{< relref "cookbooks" >}}) is the fundamental unit of configuration and policy distribution. A cookbook contains recipes and other files, components, or directories.

The Chef Infra Server lets you view:

- List of cookbooks with their latest version
- Different versions of a cookbook
- Contents of a cookbook
- Details of a cookbook

#### List of Cookbooks

In Chef Infra Server, you can view all the cookbooks of an organization. The latest version of the cookbooks are mentioned in the list.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/list-of-cookbooks.png" alt="List of Cookbooks">}}

Select a cookbook from the list to view the details of that cookbook.

#### Different Versions of Cookbooks

To view different versions of a cookbook:

- Select a cookbook from the list.
- View the different versions of the cookbook using the dropdown list.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/view-different-versions-of-cookbook.png" alt="Versions of a Cookbook">}}

#### Cookbook Content

> Select the **content** tab to view the recipes and other components of a cookbook. This view also contains the files or directories of the components. To view the cookbook content, select the file from the component list.

Reviewer: Should **content** be capitalized?

Author: Yes!
Have updated it.

{{< figure src="/images/automate/delete-a-node.png" alt="Delete a Node">}}

### Policyfiles

> A [Policyfile]({{< relref "/policyfile" >}}) is an optional way to manage role, environment, and community cookbook data with a single document that is uploaded to the Chef Infra Server. Policyfiles make things easier to test and promote code safely with a simpler interface.

Reviewer: I thought this was in a comment, but I don't see it here. Policyfiles are the **preferred** way of managing roles, environments, etc. 

role & environment should be plural.
